Gwenevere Abriel: Just go Garcia.
Gwenevere Abriel: Last minute appointment high
Gwenevere Abriel: Points. So what are you at your place or where are you at
Jessica G: Yeah, my, my house.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me get a note open here um I there's a piece of information missing somehow
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm you're running short, is it because you've been taken more than you're supposed to kind of
Jessica G: Um,
Jessica G: Yeah, yeah. So what's been happening is that, um, I take the two, which equals to four milligrams, but I feel like I'm just like I stay in a state of like
Jessica G: Like kind of withdrawal, you know, not not not severe
Jessica G: But it's really, really uncomfortable. And so what I end up having to do is I end up having to take one more.
Jessica G: And then that night. I don't know if it's
Jessica G: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on, hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you've been taking four milligrams a day for at least February 4
Gwenevere Abriel: There was a little blip. And were you, I think, trying to remember if it was that you took
Gwenevere Abriel: Somebody else's turns out was higher dose right
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay. And did we figure out if it turns out it was what milligram. It was remind me.
Jessica G: It was a
Gwenevere Abriel: Code for other that's that's a huge jump.
Jessica G: Yes, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And did you tell the doc, this happened.
Jessica G: Um, Yes, I did. I did. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you ended up you took someone else's and it was eight milligrams, you told her.
Yes.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think her only appointment today is right now. Ironically, I messaged her though. Just to see if they showed up or for some reason she might be free. I'll see if she can come in here, join us.
Gwenevere Abriel: How many days for you at the at the eight. How many days did you do that.
Jessica G: For two days.
Jessica G: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, I've got a note open here um
Gwenevere Abriel: What withdrawal symptoms are
Jessica G: I'm experiencing like
Jessica G: cold sweats like chills.
Jessica G: I'm
Jessica G: I'm just really sensitive to everything. I got so sensitive to everything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sensitive meaning what tell me what that means.
Jessica G: Like I'm
Jessica G: Like touch and still
Jessica G: Really so I'm
Tactile okay
Jessica G: I'm
Jessica G: Learning no water.
Jessica G: Okay. And I've been like I got hard candy and I like try to just calm down and
Jessica G: And with the thick with it with the I've noticed over the extra one a concern. Like, it stops. Okay. And then the next day and back to the same. And it's kind of like the same thing. Like, okay, so today I'm going to try to take for
Gwenevere Abriel: Now,
Jessica G: And then it's just the same thing all over again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so, so six seems to relieve it
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Jessica G: Yeah.
Jessica G: And it's hard. It's hard to because I'm like really hard on myself because I was doing so good. I was already at such a low dose and
Jessica G: Going back up again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, we talked about it. You sounded like if what you were saying was true, you weren't aware. I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Illegal you weren't aware to pay attention that, you know, everything is not the same. They're very different
Gwenevere Abriel: Brand names. Same thing with brand name and generic I've watched or someone else have an eight and then when they go to for
Gwenevere Abriel: The distribution of the medicine was different on it and they were cutting it. And then, so it's, you don't want to mess with your medicine. You want to protect it. It's yours. Nobody's to have it and there's no messing with it.
Jessica G: And that's what it comes of it. That's what I wear what it kind of feels like like this medicine that I think it's not
Jessica G: As not as
Jessica G: Strong or is not as
Jessica G: Like effective. I don't know how to explain it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you can't tell because you're taking for so you see through that off. You didn't change your brand. Right.
Jessica G: No, it just changed the dose. So it was a four milligram strip and now it's a two milligrams strip
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: It's because I believe that eight that eight thing you did. She's. Let me just say, she'll be done it in about 15 minutes she can join us. So let me just tell her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Alright, so let's go to and I'll be able to just sort of share with her once you've already shared this information.
Gwenevere Abriel: We have hot, cold sweats chills. So let's get that
Gwenevere Abriel: How let's go zero to 10 on that.
Gwenevere Abriel: How bad is it compared to the cold turkey experience.
Jessica G: Compared to the cold turkey experience. It's
Jessica G: It's probably like that a five hour flight.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the sensitive tactile tactile is like touch.
What number
Jessica G: That one I would say is like probably like a seven. I feel like that's like, that's one of the worst symptoms for me.
Jessica G: Like the most uncomfortable.
Gwenevere Abriel: Describe what you're physically feeling right now. So I understand.
Jessica G: Um, well right now. I'm okay because they took the medication.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, right, right. Okay.
Jessica G: Yeah, but whenever I do
Jessica G: Like, because that I know I'm supposed to take it in the morning, but I've gotten
Jessica G: Into the habit of taking it.
Jessica G: I'm
Jessica G: Like in the daytime. That way it hopefully lasts longer and I'm able to, or like I'm able to make it through the night.
Jessica G: Because I know that it's worse for me in the nighttime.
Jessica G: Then that would then it is in the daytime. So it works better for me but on
Jessica G: Um, when I do wake up and everything, or
Jessica G: Like kind of in the early morning
Jessica G: I'm just, um,
Jessica G: I don't know how to explain what it feels like.
Jessica G: Like I I can feel myself in my own skin. That makes sense.
Jessica G: Like, I don't know how to explain it.
Jessica G: Even if I'm doing anything or if I'm wearing clothes. It's just like
Jessica G: I don't know, uncomfortable. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the runny nose, how bad is that
Gwenevere Abriel: A number
Jessica G: Out. It's like a 545
Jessica G: most amusing and water United's the same
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so it's really aside from the tactile sensitive touch. It's pretty across the board, five. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what you can learn from this you can see you do need to taper slowly. That's why we do this in the program. You hear people talking about half a milligram a quarter milligram sometimes
Gwenevere Abriel: When that's a really a sticky moment and those receptors don't want to reabsorb
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're feeling it firsthand that you you can't just go fast. You've got to go slow you now, you really know it.
Jessica G: Yeah, okay.
Jessica G: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: The lesson learned, right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's do
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me a little bit about, you know, we touched on some assertiveness communication with this friend.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what's sort of this realization for you.
Jessica G: Um,
Jessica G: I feel like it was like a real eye opener because
Jessica G: Those are saying in Spanish.
Jessica G: That that says don't do
Jessica G: Good things mother school says when asked about his. Come on, don't do good things that look bad, or that seem bad, but to me, I feel like I was helping her out. But it was it was about being to do you know
Jessica G: So,
Jessica G: I feel like I regret I feel like I i impulsively made that decision.
Jessica G: And now, it took me back to like
Jessica G: Just when I will when I used to have to like do the same kind of transactions with drugs and stuff. And I didn't like it. I don't like it. And I feel like
Jessica G: I'm not that person anymore and
Jessica G: Just one that decision, like 70 bucks so much
Gwenevere Abriel: But, but look at how you might be exaggerating it. Watch. Let's say you go six for the next two weeks.
Gwenevere Abriel: Will be into March, then two weeks later he wanted to five and two weeks later, at the end of March, maybe in April, actually for really check yourself a little bit. See if you're blowing it a little bit too big.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's only if we just said every two weeks, which is a random number. It's really gives people a settling in period. So that's pretty like aggressive and slow. It's a nice compromise in there. And if you went down one milligram if you wanted to, you could be right back at four in April.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not that far away.
Jessica G: All it's not
Jessica G: Already almost in March.
We're all good.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: You see it. It's not. It's. Don't you think the lesson you just learned about I need to check and respect how strong this stuff is that I can't do people pleasing. I can't, I can't do that anymore. Don't you think it's worth a month of a lesson you you're really going to learn it.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you know
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and there's still more to learn to and some of them are going to be experiential. Some of them will be able to tell you
Gwenevere Abriel: Like, you know, a good parent would old don't go speeding on the freeway and stay out late on New Year's Eve, you know, we're going to say those things but y'all don't know till you learn your lesson.
Jessica G: Story of my life.
Jessica G: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's just take a tiny little bit before she gets here and talk a little bit about I didn't get to hear
Gwenevere Abriel: More about what you meant by thank you for bringing me back. So, something happened around sort of pulling you out and sort of pressing continuing to press and you were starting to slip away from treatment time what you meant by that.
Jessica G: So I felt like
Jessica G: I felt like I was on kind of on
Jessica G: Let me try to set
Jessica G: The phone down a little bit.
Jessica G: I keep on moving. Okay, there were set. Okay.
Jessica G: So I felt like I was kind of
Jessica G: A got too real for me and maybe like I felt like subconsciously. I was pulling away and now was avoiding doing that. The, what is it called,
Gwenevere Abriel: Em, Dr.
Jessica G: The end our treatment. Oh.
Jessica G: Sorry, because
Gwenevere Abriel: It was getting real for you right now.
Jessica G: Yeah, I was getting real and I look for excuses.
Jessica G: And, you know, to not do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the nice thing just to reassure you and you can always say, No, I'm not up for it today as you did and you can also
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember that there's going to be times when you don't want to tell me the story. You don't have to remember that part. He may say, no, I have it in my head. I don't want to tell you
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what's so unique about this.
Gwenevere Abriel: You just hold the image up but even that Jessica is it so distressing. When you think about some of that trauma that you've been through that it's hard for you to even pull up that memory.
Jessica G: Yeah I noticed that there's even like blocks. Then there's even like parts that I don't remember.
Gwenevere Abriel: But then, let me tell you some science, you're going to be amazed with the fact that that trauma.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's actually a really strong SIGN THAT IT WAS SO traumatizing for you because what happens is
Gwenevere Abriel: Cortisol floods the hippocampus cortisol is this hormone. It's a stress hormone, right, you probably heard of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's great in short bursts. We like it, we're like, we're ready to go, ready to handle and were made to handle short bursts of distress.
Gwenevere Abriel: But what when you're in chronic right distress or one really big flood of it. It covers the hippocampus, the hippocampus is the part of the brain that puts the timestamp and remembers details.
Gwenevere Abriel: About an image about a memory about an experience. So what probably happened is you flooded it. Are we talking about like one memory or repeated.
Jessica G: Time period.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay so
Gwenevere Abriel: Not only didn't mess with the timestamps so that when you start to think about it, when you start to pull when I invite you for bringing and, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: What happens is it's being experienced as if it were happening in real time right now because it's not set in the past. So it doesn't surprise me that you're saying this.
Gwenevere Abriel: It feels to real guess
Gwenevere Abriel: Use look at that word like it's really happening right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah, so that's that's important for me to know because I'm going to need to tie Trey getting you there slower and differently. Okay. So you're telling me is important because we'll just modify what we're doing. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Also, it also speaks, there's a really interesting thing when you said there's pieces. I don't remember.
Gwenevere Abriel: It corrupts memory, the cortisol, actually this hippocampus. It actually starts to
Gwenevere Abriel: It how don't want to say it doesn't dissolve it decomposes a little bit because of if you keep the chronic
Gwenevere Abriel: Cortisol running at it all the time because it's got lots of receptors on it. It actually starts to get smaller that part of the brain. So stress is no joke, you really don't want to be in a high stress state, all the time.
It messes, but I
Jessica G: Want
Gwenevere Abriel: To say
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you're like me, why am I forgetting. This was it. Because what most people will tell you is I will remember every detail of something, because it was so personal.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was so scary. Most people will say that unless they've had real like, you know, that sort of life threatening trauma or like, especially the the sexual history trauma.
Gwenevere Abriel: But regular people just like oh my gosh, I was so scared. Well, don't remember the details, but not when you're flooded like that. What it does is completely cut off the prefrontal cortex and it completely messes with the ability to remember
Gwenevere Abriel: Important details of the memory like it's like you can't get to it and it might. It might not, we might not be able to access and do we want to, I don't know. So here's the thing, here's how you register, let's say you had come to treatment. You had no nightmares.
Gwenevere Abriel: You could freely, talk about your life. I'm not a problem. I've already done the reprocessing. I can talk about this and this and this and this and you're like easy breezy, but that isn't how you presented you presented with nightmares.
Jessica G: It's intruding so
Gwenevere Abriel: It wants to be done. It wants it, and we did do a little bit of work with the anchor room and facing it
Gwenevere Abriel: And notice that I didn't tell you retell me everything that's going on. No, you can use metaphor. You can use symbolism. Like if it's just a black blob or something. Fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to read. Tell me, so I want to keep reassuring you in your consciousness and also your unconscious that you don't have to retell it because that can feel really traumatizing whoops just lost you.
Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you feeling a little better knowing you're not going to have to if you don't want to retell gory details.
Jessica G: I do, I do, I do, but it's kind of like confusing for me because I feel like
Jessica G: Like okay, if I don't tell it then.
Jessica G: Am I really like or if I don't tell it.
Jessica G: Is it going to stay with more am I not going to prop. Oh, what
Jessica G: Am I not going to process it like I'm
Jessica G: As well as if I were actually playing and getting it out of me because I'm the type of person that I need to get it out, like, you know, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then force you.
Gwenevere Abriel: That will be, you're going to have to go nice and slow. Sometimes we'll pull back and then maybe we'll come forward and little pullback and then we'll come forward, but that's that's useful for me to know because some people need a witness. They need to hear them.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they
Gwenevere Abriel: And now it's been labeled it's been named we have another person that because I care for you, right, I'm going to hear it. I'm going to stay right there. I'm going to hold it. I'm not going to judge it. I'm not going to run away from it. I'm going to hold it right there. And to do this together.
And
Gwenevere Abriel: Then that's going to be part of it. But I want to tell you
Gwenevere Abriel: Insight which is different than insight.
Gwenevere Abriel: You sharing your story and saying, I need once and for all, to say this awful thing this awful things this awful thing, this, this and this were awful and here you go. And I'm going to just say him.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want to say I'm with someone, I don't want to go through this suffering alone. I want to say it. Okay, fine. I got it. You can tell me the, whatever you want to. Okay, I will sit here with it. I won't judge it. We won't do anything with it. But I will say,
Gwenevere Abriel: Some people think, and I think it's part of what your goal was, you wanted to understand why you do what you do. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Insight that's what insight is. It's like, oh, well, if I did this about this back in my history. This is why I'm behaving. Now it has some positive effect insights. Lovely.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that would mean that people like psychologists, that would mean like people that are very analytical maybe in my field to therapists, a lot of times you're going to run into some of you continue this work that haven't healed themselves and they're going to be a little nutty to
Gwenevere Abriel: Insight in and of itself is not the absolute healing mechanism.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just because you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know why you're all screwy Louis doesn't mean you're going to feel better.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does that make sense, just because you know, why doesn't mean you automatically heal.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wish it was that easy. Don't you think I mean, my goodness, we we've got libraries and bookstores, full of self help books. Why don't you just go read one
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not that easy. It's not that simple.
Gwenevere Abriel: The next element is a witness is this person to do it with not go this alone to see another person. How does she handle it. What does she do, is it what does she think about it. Oh, maybe it's not as bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, I'm actually, I'm okay. So there is some healing that especially if the wounding was inner personal than the healing can be inner personal so that would make sense in there. Now, I don't know what the stories are
Gwenevere Abriel: But the other piece. If you want to is, notice how you don't want to even think about those repeated things that have happened right you don't want to even bring them to consciousness. You don't want to
Gwenevere Abriel: That's, that's what the desensitization is is for is to start little
Gwenevere Abriel: Little ones, bringing him up for a little while and not thinking about it. And also, by the way. So we bring it up a little bit and we bring in positive
Gwenevere Abriel: Right you know your your Resource Network and what it does is you're actually modifying that memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know it seems wild, but how you remember it. It's all corrupted and missing pieces and feels like it's happening right now when we bring it up a little bit and we bring in some of that positive network stuff. It changes the memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you know experience it as quite as terrifying. Wait a minute. Hey, look at my body, my heart isn't jumping out of my chest.
Jessica G: Hold on.
Jessica G: I'm in the bathroom.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got the Occupy
Jessica G: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, all right. So you're wondering, well, if I don't do this scary thing. And tell somebody will I heal, is that the basic idea.
Jessica G: Pretty much.
Jessica G: Yeah, I feel like because then
Jessica G: Right. During the trauma girl, you know,
Jessica G: Like I always felt like I never had a place in my home. I never had anyone
Jessica G: To speak up for me or to defend me or and stuff like that. I felt like, that's why I feel like that. Yeah, that has to do with
Jessica G: Like you know I always wanted my mom to just defend me for once, and protect me instead of, instead of making me shut up. Because otherwise, my brother wouldn't stop right
Jessica G: So I thought that's why that has a lot to do with why
Jessica G: Like the whole
Jessica G: I needed a witness
Gwenevere Abriel: So me protecting you right those moments where maybe advocacy might be there. Sometimes it'll be me doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here. And so I'm going to bring Dr. Aubrey Ellen. So just see let let this help. This is help right now this is I'm hearing you were bringing in the doc and we're going to talk and try and help you out. Okay.
Jessica G: Okay, I felt a lot better.
Jessica G: Do every time we talk
Jessica G: You. Let's bring her in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'll probably share first and if I missed some pieces you just fill in. Okay, okay, okay. All right. Um, Doc. Get yourself on video, and I want to fill you in here, thanks for meeting with us on the fly.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let me just test check volume. Can I hear you.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, excellent. Fantastic.
Dawn Abriel: Sorry, I
Dawn Abriel: You don't have your pink fluffy robot and I don't recognize you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, if I may, all do, because I can kind of spit it out pretty quickly. Um, can I kind of do the the abridged version of it for you, Jessica. So, this last weekend.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll spare the story, but the bottom line is, she ends up taking eight milligrams, two days in a row. She was on for she'd been tapering down to four as your record may show she ended up taking two days. A DAY SHE SAID SHE DIDN'T KNOW SHE WAS TAKING EIGHT. She felt great.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then, of course, went right back to her for. And again, here it is Friday, day after day, when she just takes for as you know she's felt was about a level from zero to 10 at about a five cold sweats runny nose, sneezing, at about a five and
Gwenevere Abriel: tactile sensitivity, like everything or close. Yeah. And it just stressed about a seven.
Gwenevere Abriel: And haven't asked what she did. For those symptoms, but just been focusing more on lesson learned, kind of concepts like
Gwenevere Abriel: It's illegal to share your medicine with someone and it's still, you know, she this gals, you know more about assertiveness and sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of real active in about this can't happen again, we have to really protect our medication and we don't share with anyone. And this is ours and and every and even like
Gwenevere Abriel: eight milligrams strip is different than a four. And it's like, this is not a joke. This is very heavy duty.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pain Medicine, so that all aside, I wanted to say. She also has been taking six and then feels better. So she didn't go to h, which is what those two days were but she feels better at six.
Gwenevere Abriel: We did a little bit of work around not blowing it out of proportion. There was some negative thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: I've really blown it but in about April, she decided to she could be right back down to four. So once she heard April. It was like, we're almost done with February, just get through March, April, so it's actually not catastrophic
Dawn Abriel: Yeah. No, it isn't.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, yeah, yeah. What I'm saying is, go ahead. Ask your questions, but I wanted to give you that.
Dawn Abriel: So the, the six milligrams. How many days. Have you taken that
Jessica G: Um,
Jessica G: I would say
Jessica G: Since Wednesday.
Jessica G: Wednesday Tuesday.
Dawn Abriel: So about three days and you're, you don't have any withdrawal.
Jessica G: No. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So you're going to run out. So let me write for
Dawn Abriel: A prescription at the six middle ground level. So you can pick up a little more before group.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then how would you feel if that was phenomenal. And we started over again. Yeah. Okay. Is that okay, Jessica. Does that work for you.
Jessica G: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And don't be. Don't be
Gwenevere Abriel: A lesson learned. That's all you. This is, this isn't here's a, here's an aspirin.
If
Jessica G: You
Gwenevere Abriel: Have other questions, so I know it can be nerve wracking to have Dr. Here, and some negative thinking might be going on but take a deep breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: Will snow that we're both here to take care of you. This is your treatment. Look how quickly you were able to get a physician here, chest like that. Okay. We're here to take care of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: We want you to succeed. I care about you. The doctor cares about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let that mind with the whole brain work now that it's not in a distress moment to see if there's other questions you have to see if something else you need or want
Jessica G: Okay.
Jessica G: I just remembered
Jessica G: I got an email that says that I have a bill $75
Jessica G: That's what popped up into my thing.
Jessica G: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can look. I mean, you may have a copay. I don't know.
Jessica G: Maybe there is something
Gwenevere Abriel: That I can look for you. And what about any concerns about interpersonal if there's anything
Jessica G: Anything wanted
Gwenevere Abriel: Ask The Doctor about maybe how she feels how she thinks. Some people get in their minds that a doctor thinks negatively of them or something like that. This might be a nice time to check out any assumptions that you might have.
Jessica G: Um,
Jessica G: I can't, I can't really think of anything, just that.
Jessica G: I'm just pretty much surprised because
Jessica G: I was expecting like a whole different response like I was dreading contacting you guys and
Jessica G: I feel so much better now.
Jessica G: Well, I feel better, Jessica.
Dawn Abriel: I almost recommended the six lat two times ago when we talk because
Dawn Abriel: I and then you said that you had gone to the fore and that the four was okay. You wanted to stay at the four. So, um,
Dawn Abriel: So I didn't have a chance to recommend the six. So I'm not surprised that the six works better.
Jessica G: Yeah, I was. I feel like I was in a
Jessica G: Little bit of denial
Jessica G: Like, oh man, there
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Many people just they're just like, Hey, guys, you're there, rolling there right with you down the river region I other right there next year. Lots of
Time.
Jessica G: We all
Gwenevere Abriel: We all know that that
Gwenevere Abriel: Really well. But that's what what this is for is if we don't want to do what we always did. We're always going to get what we always thought we want to do it differently. So
Gwenevere Abriel: We took a chance and reached out and good. I'm glad you're having a different experience. Don't want it to be too rewarding, right, because then it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Not punitive because you need to feel like you have somewhere to go when something something goes horizontal and sideways so good different outcome and anything more on that level.
Jessica G: No, just thank you guys, appreciate it.
I really do very welcome.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
So I'm looking
Gwenevere Abriel: Anything I can let the dog go once that's all worked out.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have any other questions talk because you. I really appreciate your meeting with us, you know,
Dawn Abriel: Okay, I'm yeah I'll go ahead and order the medicine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, same pharmacy. No change.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay.
Good.
Dawn Abriel: Good weekend, ladies.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any other medicine that you need. No. Okay. All right. Thank you, Don.
Jessica G: Thank you. Alright, so
Gwenevere Abriel: As far as the see what is see as far as money. You know what I remember seeing that somewhere.
Maybe when I was opening a note for you. Possibly. I see something
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't see it now, but I thought I saw something earlier, too. So you don't typically have a copay
Jessica G: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: I could send a little message. See, see if somebody can offer a little something.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can say you want me to send a little message asking what that might be.
Yeah.
Jessica G: Yeah, because it says it just says that I have a bill.
Jessica G: bright, bright heart health.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's see, I'm probably contacting the wrong person, but we can get the conversation going. I'm pretty sure you had an issue wants to have the letter. They got mailed to you and it got worked out. Right.
Jessica G: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, so maybe it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Not again.
Jessica G: That's what I was thinking.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's see. I'm glad you're bringing it up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so let's let's kind of wrap up today by kind of see what came up for you as far as our discussion towards the latter part. What do you, what is it making you think about
Jessica G: I'm
Jessica G: Just
Jessica G: It's making me have more like confidence. Okay, nice. So then
Jessica G: And my like
Jessica G: Like
Jessica G: And and and my ability to an hour ability to to help me and or you have to like resolve my issue resolved them but
Jessica G: I can at least get past them.
Jessica G: In a boy or girl.
Boy.
Jessica G: He's like, just like my de
Gwenevere Abriel: Chile mean
Gwenevere Abriel: I just love that. No, he's
Jessica G: Oh, he's so cute.
Gwenevere Abriel: Such great
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes she was.
Gwenevere Abriel: He just sits here in grunts away and snuggles down here on the chair. I'm usually standing. Most of the time, so he sits on the chair.
Jessica G: They are, they're really good lap dog.
Gwenevere Abriel: He doesn't I socialized and very quickly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, so that he wouldn't be sniping at anybody I wanted him to get along with lots of people, lots of other animals. So he doesn't get nasty with anybody's not protective he definitely if he's with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And someone tries to take him away. He might earn a little bit, but now I know I just have to take him and hand them to the to the kids or whatever. And then he's fine. So
Jessica G: cutie it's it's weird because like my dog.
Jessica G: She we rescued her on what okay my uncle rescued her from
Jessica G: The shelter. She, she was abused before so she doesn't like men, she won't go around or she doesn't really trust anybody. Unless she knows you.
Jessica G: And I don't know if I told you the story that I babies I dogs at her for two weeks when my grandparents, because my uncle left her with my grandparents, my grandparents recently went to Mexico for two weeks I babysat her and ever since then, she
Jessica G: chases me up door like she follows me out the door, all the way to the car she runs and so one day. Finally, me and my friends that are like we're just taking her home because she got really comfortable with him, too. And so, ever since then. She's with me. And I'm like, yeah.
Jessica G: I can relate with her a lot
Jessica G: And I feel like she recognized that too, you know.
Gwenevere Abriel: That the awareness that an animal can have, you know, so maybe you've got that common sort of little bit of that history of kind of been wounded.
Jessica G: You know, and
Tender little history.
Jessica G: Yeah, my other dog. I have to give her away because
Jessica G: She just got too big. I gave it to my dad and he had like a big house with a lot of land and so she's running around and she's cute. She's so huge. And so I feel like that was the best decision. It was hard, but it was the best decision for her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's good for her, you know, you might Mr to so but she's happy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. All right. So you're feeling more confident
Jessica G: Yes. Okay. Yes.
Jessica G: I am. And then I'm reading the Bible and everything and just taking like taking time for myself every day. It's making me feel more
Jessica G: Like more grounded and more
Jessica G: Calm porn.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like it or whatever.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's keep doing it. And let's let's take a look at one more meeting again.
Gwenevere Abriel: And really the the summary here is
Gwenevere Abriel: You can speak.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can say something I do want to know and and and i know it might be scary but you definitely can say I need to break
It break
Gwenevere Abriel: Plenty of times. That's all I might just keep rolling along I might have my eyes down and not really be as a tuned as I should be to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you have every right to say this is just a lot coming out me just want to take a little bit of time and then we could do some breathing and we could get some lotion and we could
Gwenevere Abriel: Massage hands or you know we can do any number of things so that we can get back in the moment and because remember I was telling you the some of those things in the past, feel like they're being they're happening now.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not your fault. It's because right those memories got corrupted. So, I get it. You're not going to piss me off. You're not going to offend me when you speak up for yourself. That's healing for you. I want you to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ya.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, right. So, um, I still have you penciled in for for next Monday at 11 o'clock and I bet, I bet you're going to be feeling pretty good. Once you're back on the six for a while.
Jessica G: Yeah.
Jessica G: Hopefully,
Gwenevere Abriel: I will see you then. Be good to you. Okay. Okay.
Jessica G: Thank you so much. I appreciate it.